Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
Is it morning?
No. keep sleeping.
♪ There's a bright golden
haze on the meadow ♪
♪ The corn is as high
♪ As an elephant's eye
♪ And it looks like it's
climbing clear up to the sky ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful morning
♪ Oh. what a beautiful day
♪ I got a beautiful feeling
♪ Everything's going my way
Fucking asshole.
Hey. I got you. dick.
50. BT8. fucking contacts. man.
BT. what'd I say?
We'll get 'em next time.
Yeah.
All right. I'll be right there.
Mikey.
So. uh. Mrs. Colefield says
that--
- Alleges.
- Daisy.
What? It's her
word against mine.
Give it a rest. She hasn't
gotten five words out.
And honestly. I don't think
we should be trusting a woman
who uses the word "irregardless"
in a school setting.
a professional educator.
Uh. she alleges
that Daisy pushed her.
- Ow.
- That didn't hurt.
You can't tell me what hurts.
Pushed. as in?
Physically. two hands.
in front of the class.
- Is that true?
- No.
I tried to go to the bathroom.
which is my human right.
and she used her disgusting
body to block my way.
Ask anyone in that
class. Ask Bailey.
They'll all tell you that
I asked nicely three times.
She actually said I couldn't go.
I mean. like. what?
You just want me to pee right
here in this seat?
- Okay.
- Are you gonna clean it up?
And I didn't shove.
Shoving is this. "Bitch. move."
- Hey.
I did this--
"Will you move your
gross body. please?"
Fuck this.
Maria. I'm so sorry.
So is she suspended or...
For physically
assaulting a teacher.
it's a mandatory expulsion.
I better check on her.
No. I'll do it.
You stay.
I'm sorry. Dan.
I know you all have
a lot on your plate.
Look. uh. i-is there
anything. anything we can do?
Uh. community service.
letter of apology?
Can I give you a kidney?
It's just that St. Mary's
tuition is--
Maybe under the circumstances.
I can try to talk
to Mrs. Colefield.
and if she's amenable to it.
which I'm not sure she will be.
we might be able to
transmute Daisy's expulsion
to a two-week suspension.
Oh. thank you so much.
I haven't talked to her yet.
Daisy has had plenty
of chances already.
This is her last one.
Did you reach out to the
therapist I recommended?
I have
no idea what to do.
Come on. get
out of the street.
Are you kidding?
Do we send her to one of
those military schools?
I just hate the idea of
somebody screaming in her face.
Maria said. if she
sees the counselor.
she could just suspend her.
Okay. then we gotta do that.
How are we gonna do that?
What are you doing?
- Hey.
Whoo. whoo.
Hey.
Hey. hello.
When the fuck do you
plan to end this shit?
Uh. we go until 6:00.
We can't hear ourselves think.
It's-- It's not really
my call.
Can you be quieter?
Uh...
I. uh. I d-- I--
I don't think so.
That's just great.
So what are we gonna do now?
What the fuck are you
laughing about. dipshit?
Shit.
- You're late.
- And now we have...
Shh.
...Mrs. Mueller's after-school
drama club.
Shh.
♪ When you get sad
♪ Do you get mad.
or do you bottle it up ♪
♪ Till like a small
volcano you erupt ♪
♪ Take it from me. it's
a great place to be ♪
♪ Right next to me
♪ That's love
None of these kids
have star quality.
♪ When you feel blue
♪ What do you do with all
the pain in your heart ♪
♪ Do you try to show
restraint or blow apart ♪
♪ What will you say.
what part will you play ♪
♪ What choice can you make
♪ That's enough
When I get mad. I stomp
my feet and dance it out.
When I'm mad. I take
three deep breaths
and tell my mom. "I'm mad."
When I'm mad. I play
soccer 'cause soccer's fun.
If I'm the only one
watching this.
can I switch to
something else?
- I'm watching.
- I'm watching it.
Well...
These murder shows are so sad.
Oh. I ran into Ms. Pruitt
at the Jewel today.
She suggested you start
looking at the "Audrey" songs.
I'm not gonna audition
for the musical this year.
Why not?
'Cause it's fucking stupid.
- Hey.
Maybe you'll change your mind.
- I won't.
Well. don't pick up
hitchhikers. dumbass.
Shit. the meeting with
the lawyer tomorrow's
in the middle of my shift.
We can reschedule.
No. no. no more delays.
Could give us more time.
Time for what?
To think about
if we wanna go through
with the lawsuit.
Why wouldn't w-w-w...
Wow.
If you don't want to
go through with it...
Hmm?
If you're not
committed. tell me now.
I'll call in.
♪ Out of my dreams
and into your arms ♪
♪ I long to fly
♪ I will come as evening comes
Dan.
Let the cars go.
Hey. uh. Mikey.
I got a-- I got--
I'll be right back.
Yeah. Jim.
- Hi. honey.
Yeah. yeah. uh. sorry
if it's a little loud.
All right. so we
have updates. so thank you.
Uh. what? What?
- Aaron.
- What?
- Hey. Aaron.
- Can you hear me?
- You can't just quit.
- Watch me. you harpie.
- ...the deposition.
- Hey. the fuck?
Watch where you're going.
Can you press...
- Hello.
- Are you there?
Hey. idiot.
get out of the road!
Is your brain not
moving fast enough?
Do you not understand what
I'm trying to say to you?
Yeah. keep it going. asshole.
There we go.
Hey. the fuck are you doing?
- You wanna come out?
- The fuck--
- I'll take that.
- The fuck are you doing?
Shut up. stop.
stop. stop. just stop.
Okay. I'm gonna go
ahead and delete that.
Did you fucking see that?
Did you see that?
Did you get that?
This was your last
day. fuck wit.
Good luck finding
another menial job.
Dude.
Hey. hey.
Hi.
Uh. I need your
help with something.
Shit.
Come on.
What-- What i-- What's--
What's this?
Your salvation.
I'm kidding.
We're rehearsing a play.
Everyone. this is...
Dan.
Dan is the new Aaron.
Everyone is replaceable.
Here's a space.
dear heart. Come on.
- Uh. no. I-I--
- Oh. come on.
I'm not--
I-I don't-- I'm not an actor.
Can you read?
Did he audition?
Do you have
a monologue we can see?
Something classic?
I should. uh--
What?
Where do you have to be?
Sit down and play
pretend for an hour.
and then you can...
- Yeah.
...go back to your life.
Strike them down!
Beat them down!
Part. fools.
Put up your swords.
You know not what you do.
Peace? I hate the word.
That's cut. Lucian.
you know that.
As I hate hell. all Montagues.
- Aah!
- Ohh!
And Capulet enters.
That's your line.
That's you.
- Oh.
What noise--
- Louder.
Remember. all the way
to the back of the house.
What noise is this?
Give me my long sword. ho.
Okay.
Seriously?
Uh. the hardest part is
getting the first line out.
After that. it's all downhill.
- No phones. Jesus Christ.
- Phones on silent. please.
- Hey. hun.
- Hi. honey.
How'd it-- How'd it go?
Okay. just finished.
Deposition date is set.
the 12th of next month.
Are you there?
- Yeah.
Uh. that's great news.
Where are you?
Uh. I'm finishing
up at the site.
Hey. are you in or out?
Is that Mikey?
Uh. I'll pick up some
champagne on the way home.
And end of act two.
God. how is there
still so much left?
All right. act three tomorrow.
Everybody. please be on time.
Welcome aboard. sir.
- Good work today. Daniel.
- Uh. I'm not. uh. going--
So rehearsal schedules. we
work. uh. evenings and weekends
because everyone's
got real jobs.
I hope they told
you it doesn't pay.
- Well. I don't--
- Actually.
it ends up being a loss.
Do you have a family?
It's better if you don't.
Just helping out for tonight.
That's what I said
three years ago.
Any interest in
running the light board?
- Uh...
- Ah. had to ask.
Good to meet you. Dave.
- Other people's props.
It's just a plastic sword.
What am I--
So what? It has nothing to do
with it being plastic.
You're not supposed to
touch other people's props.
play with the props.
Okay. okay.
Give me my long sword. ho.
Ho. ho.
Ho-ho.
- Want more?
- No. this is gross.
I don't even know
how anyone eats it.
Jim said-- he said we need
a few prep meetings
before the actual deposition
to go over any questions
they might ask.
Do I get to testify?
They're gonna depose all of us.
- Hell. yeah.
- You shouldn't have
to say anything.
- Look. look. look.
All we need to do is
just tell the truth.
I can't wait.
I'm so fucking ready.
- Hey.
- Hey. come on.
That's it. You're--
You're grounded.
I'm already grounded.
Then you're grounded
till you're 18.
Can I get a pant suit?
I don't think I have anything
really courtroom appropriate.
What about the
dress you wore to GG's funeral?
No. that just screams
bereaved little girl.
not power bitch.
- Oh. oh. come on.
- Hey. hey. hey.
Come on. come on.
I just wanted a sip.
I'm gonna say it
all right to her.
like. "That's it. look at me."
Okay. honey.
Come in.
- Night. honey.
- Night.
Hey. uh. do you know this
play. "Romeo and Juliet"?
Two households
both alike in dignity
in fair Verona where
we lay our scene
from ancient grudge
break new mutiny
where civil blood makes
civil hands unclean.
From forth the fatal
loins of these two foes.
a pair of star-crossed
lovers take their life
whose misadventured
piteous overthrows
doth. with their death.
bury their parents' strife.
Whew. whoa.
We had to learn
it for AP English.
Well. uh. I--
I've never seen it.
Seriously?
The movie's a classic.
It's old. but you
know. it's good.
Leonardo DiCaprio does not
look like that anymore.
Hmm. they're so young.
They're. like. my age.
♪ Missing you
♪ Oh
Hey.
I told you he was a narcissist.
Dad.
He's probably a sociopath.
He. like. never yawns
when anyone else does.
What happens to them?
You don't know?
I know they get together.
I just told you
in the prologue.
Here's a hint.
It's a tragedy.
Oh. yeah. a really
high percentage. too.
like one in 10 people you know.
Can you put that
on silent. please?
I don't know how.
Dad. this place is for kids.
Daisy. please come in.
Uh. am I supposed
to go in there or something?
Some parents choose to.
It's really up to you.
I'll be back in an hour.
It's just like the island
of misfit toys. right?
Shake it. shake it. shake
it. shake it. shake it.
shake it. shake it.
They're good people. really.
I'm the only asshole.
You don't seem
like an asshole.
See. you are a good actor.
I almost believed that.
Uh. how. uh. long
have you all been doing skits?
A few years.
I used to do this professionally.
but when I moved home.
I didn't wanna stop.
It's not all just
Shakespeare. you know.
Well. uh. good luck.
Hey. Dan. you know
why I asked you to help?
'Cause I can read.
It seemed like you
might want a chance
of being somebody
else for a while.
How'd it go?
She said that we
could just sit there
for. like. a whole hour
in silence if I wanted.
I bet no one's ever
actually done that before.
Look. next time
you have to talk.
No. I don't.
Yeah. uh. we're
paying 150 a session.
- You are?
- Yes.
- Well. stop doing that.
- We can't.
Well. I think it's
a bad investment.
Oh. I drew you something.
You know my friend. Anastasia?
Her whole family goes
to family therapy.
She says it's
mortifying. but it helps.
She says that they
all go as a group.
and they all talk about
their feelings together.
Because she's not
the only problem.
What is she doing?
Dad?
Dad.
What is this?
What are you doing?
They had an end-of-season
sale at Home Depot.
I thought a garden
would be nice.
Well. you can't plant
anything in there now.
It-- I-I-It'll
frost over in a month.
So we'll have
a nice yard for a month.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. we're not doing this.
- Dan.
- Nah. ya didn't ask.
I didn't know I
needed your permission.
- Yeah.
- Dad. no. I think this is nice.
- No.
- Mom. this is cool.
You know. I-- I don't like to
look at it all the time.
Think if we plant some
wildflowers or something-
- Get the fuck outta there!
- Dan!
Oh. so you're just leaving?
Honey. it's okay.
No. none of this is okay!
Daisy.
Put your
hand on your diaphragm
and feel yourself
expand with breath.
Dan. welcome.
Why didn't you lie down?
We're doing breathing.
- Breathing.
- Yeah.
And inhale.
And on the exhale. we're
gonna just let it all go
on one big. shared sigh.
Here we go.
All right. just
dance. just dance.
Don't care how you look.
Just look silly. look
sexy. look stupid.
Who cares?
Just use your body to
express how ya feel.
♪ Ba. ba. boom. ba. da. da
Come on. Dan. more.
Let's-- More.
- ♪ Pressure
♪ Pushing down on me
♪ Pushing down on
you. no man ask for ♪
♪ Under pressure
Good. all right.
♪ Splits a family in two.
puts people on streets ♪
♪ Mm-ba-ba-beh. mm-ba-ba-beh
♪ Dee-day-da. ee-day-da
♪ That's okay
♪ That's the terror of knowing
what this world is about ♪
♪ Watching some good
friends scream ♪
♪ Let me out
♪ Pray tomorrow gets me higher
♪ Pressure on people.
people on streets ♪
♪ Da-da-da. mm-mm
♪ Da-da-da-ba-bum
♪ Okay
♪ Under pressure
Part of our job as actors
is emotional intelligence.
to be able to recognize
what others feel.
to have that affect us.
and to be able to express
our own emotions. okay?
So this exercise is called
provocative questions.
Oh. I love this one.
And I'm going to
need two volunteers.
Lucian and... Dan.
Please stand here
and face your partner.
Okay. so your partner
is your lifeline.
They are your oxygen.
and no one else exists.
Don't look at me.
- Don't look at her.
All right. so. Dan.
you're going to start
by asking Lucian a question
that you could never
ask him in real life.
something intentionally
provocative. okay?
And when you see
an emotional rise in him.
you articulate it by
telling him what you see.
Like?
Like. "You're
angry." if he's angry.
Clear?
- I can take it.
You can really hit me.
- I-I-I don't know.
- Don't look at me. okay?
- Don't look at her. Look at me.
- Okay.
So. many of us live our lives
repressing our emotions
because out there.
they can be a liability.
But in here. we are
in a safe space.
And we can put those
emotions into good use.
So I ask...
A provocative question.
Um. you like Michael Jordan?
- What do I--
- His emotion.
- I don't know.
- Disappointed.
I was disappointed.
- Here. okay.
- I saw that.
- Okay. okay. um. ensemble.
was that a brave.
provocative question?
- No. no. no. no.
- Weak. weak.
Okay. Lucian.
it's your turn.
Yeah.
When you masturbate.
do you fantasize
about having your nipples
chewed until they bleed?
What? No!
What--
- Don't answer.
- He's embarrassed.
Dan. repeat.
"I'm embarrassed."
I'm embarrassed.
There you go.
Hey. yeah.
Now we're gonna
go a little deeper.
Lucian. I want you to ask Dan
something more vulnerable.
Hmm.
Are you lonely?
You're surprised.
Repeat.
I'm surprised.
See that?
See that? That's the truth.
Yep.
- Yes.
- Whoo!
Give it up.
Daisy.
Go away.
Wanna bust some balls?
- Oh. word.
- That's a homer.
Yeah. that is. Where'd it go?
That one's right
behind ya still.
Ooh. a swing and a miss.
- All right. you don't--
- All right.
Uh. just. uh. stand
your ground like this.
That's it. There ya go.
What?
- You're happy.
- Okay. weirdo.
- Again?
- Yeah.
Let's go at the same time.
- All right.
I should have said you
only have to dress up
for the actual deposition.
- Told you.
- It's okay.
Uh. it's casual Friday.
My wife is obsessed
with this. um.
um. makeover show.
Okay. so. um. how this will work
is. uh. we'll go over what
to expect at the deposition.
um. procedures. et cetera.
And. uh. we'll also practice
me asking you questions
so you'll be more
comfortable on the day.
Uh. hopefully.
we'll only need. uh.
one or two of these meetings.
I know we wanna keep
billable hours low.
And I'm not a cheap date.
Is she gonna be
there. Christine?
Uh. we don't know.
Uh. Illinois code
of civil procedure
doesn't prohibit
her from attending.
Uh. if she does opt to
join. it's-- it's likely
that her parents
will be there. too.
Okey dokey then.
How has this time been for you?
It's been... difficult.
More than difficult.
I know it's impossible. but
I just want my family back.
That's all. Mrs. Mueller.
thank you.
And that's it.
Fantastic. really nice.
It was clear. uh. non-combative.
emotional undercurrent
but in a controlled way.
I'm exhausted.
Who wants to go next?
Daisy. all right.
Okay.
Uh. Daisy.
can you tell me.
when did you first meet
Christine Hawthorne?
It was at Thanksgiving.
She had dinner with us.
And what was her
relationship with your brother?
They were coupled
in a romantic fashion.
- Simpler.
- Um. she was his girlfriend.
Uh. um.
Yeah. uh. keep going.
I just have to pee.
- Rude as fuck!
- It doesn't matter.
If you become aggressive--
- No. what are you even on about?
That was so rude.
- Daisy.
I'm not being aggressive
to you.
Hey. what happened?
He's making it seem like
it's all Brian's fault.
That's what their
defense attorney's gonna do.
They're gonna try
to throw you off.
If you become combative--
- You're being combative.
- This is we're practicing.
- I'm not being defensive!
Daisy.
You need to get used
to keeping your cool.
I can't be a robot
when I talk about this.
I don't know how you two can.
Should we. uh.
pause for the day?
We're paying for the hour.
We should use the time.
Dan?
Okay. so--
- I-I-I think
we should stop for Daisy.
If I profane with
my unworthiest hand
this holy shrine.
the gentle sin is this.
And. Tyler.
reach out your hand to her.
My lips. two
blushing pilgrims.
ready stand to smooth that
rough touch with a tender kiss.
Um. sorry. I-- I can smell
cigarettes on your breath.
I'm just-- I'm very allergic.
- To smells?
Uh. just keep. Rita. please.
Good pilgrim. you do
wrong your hand too much.
Isn't the language gorgeous?
Yeah. I just wish
I knew what it meant.
Me. too.
For saints have hands that
pilgrims' hands do touch.
and palm to palm is
holy palmers' kiss.
Saints do not move. though
grant for prayer's sake.
Then move not. while
my prayers effect I take.
And this is when you kiss.
I'm sorry. are we gonna
have an intimacy coordinator?
We always had one at ISU.
- Intimacy what?
It-- It. uh. it's-- it's
like a fight choreographer
but for physical intimacy.
- Never heard of it.
- Not surprising.
I read about it
in "The Times."
We don't need it. We can
figure it out ourselves.
Well. it's-- it's
industry standard.
maybe not when you were
acting professionally.
Are we gonna get a
fight choreographer?
- No.
The audience lives through us.
We owe them something real.
I'm not doing that.
Also...
Look. go ahead. Tyler.
Whatever you have to say.
this is a safe space.
I think the age difference
is a problem here.
Does anybody else
think it's weird
that Juliet is my mom's age?
R and J are supposed
to be young.
That's the point.
- Tyler.
This is our cast.
This is who auditioned.
And Rita got the role because
she was excellent in her read.
She's a very skilled
and accomplished actor.
Who is too old for the part.
I'm not being a dick.
Kids are. like. impulsive.
It's just not the same
story if Juliet's...
50.
I thought we were supposed
to be honest in here.
Ohh!
- Rita.
- Oh.
- Oh. my God! Ah!
- Damn it.
- Ah!
Oh. Tyler.
Tyler. oh. shit.
I am so. so sorry.
This will not happen
again... probably.
Drama.
How's the hand?
Do you know that.
when was young.
we had to make out in auditions?
You don't know how
many older actors stuck
their filthy tongues
down my throat.
And not even on
stage always either.
I'm old school.
- Me. too.
And old.
Me. too.
I've wanted to play
Juliet my whole life.
but I was-- I was
never delicate enough.
never light enough.
Well. it's all pretend anyway. right?
Besides. you're good.
- Tyler.
- No.
I have an agent.
Rita. may I speak with you?
Hey. uh. let me
ask you something.
How'd you memorize all those
lines for the school plays?
And you never seem
stressed about it.
Dad. asking an actor how
they memorized lines is.
like. the most basic question.
The lines are the easy part.
The hard part is
the emotional journey.
living truthfully in
imaginary circumstances.
blah. blah. blah.
It's easier if it has a rhythm.
Then. you can think
of 'em like a song.
And Shakespeare has a rhythm?
Ba. da. ba. da.
ba. da. ba. da.
"Two houses both alike
in dignity"-- easy.
Huh.
Ba. da. ba. da. ba. da. ba. da.
Hey. Mike.
- What's up?
Not that she would.
but if Sharon asks.
can you say we. uh. grabbed
a beer tonight together?
Uh. the-- the lawyer wants
to go over my testimony.
and. uh. I don't wanna tell her
'cause it's more billable hours.
Oh. where is Romeo?
Saw you him today?
Right glad I am he
was not at this fray.
Madam. an hour
before the worshiped sun--
Oh. wait. hold.
Oh. this isn't gonna work.
Lucian. you can't be
Romeo and Benvolio.
You can't do scenes
with your son.
No. no. I have
a plan for that.
Just...
Good morrow. cousin.
Is the day so young?
- No.
Can I have a hat. too?
- Silence in the house.
- Line.
Damn. I was in flow.
- Just stay in it.
Line.
Was that my father
that went hence so fast?
Lady. lady.
oh. alas. alas.
Help. help. my lady's dead.
O. lamentable day.
- What is the matter?
O. tired day.
O. me. o. me. my child.
my only child. revive. look up.
or I will die with thee.
Okay.
Dan. that's you.
- Sorry.
Ha. let me see her out.
Alas. she's cold.
Her blood is settled.
and her joints are stiff.
Life and these lips
have long been separate--
- ...ted
- ...ted. ted.
Death lies on her
like an untimely frost
upon the sweetest flower...
- Oh.
- ...in all the fields.
- Oh. lamentable day.
Oh. woeful time.
Greg. stop cutting me off.
Death. that hath ta'en
her hence to make me well.
ties up my tongue and
will not let me speak.
Okay. let's hold there.
You've really found the rhythm.
Well. it-- it-- it helps if
you learn it like a song.
Okay. but now let's
make it real. okay?
Come here.
Do you have kids?
How many?
- Two.
- Perfect.
I want you to imagine--
close your eyes...
...finding your child dead.
You see their body.
and it's them but not.
You touch their
skin. and it's cold.
You try to shake them awake.
and their limbs are stiff.
It's-- It's like a nightmare.
You wanna wake up.
but you can't.
Can you imagine that?
Fantastic. great.
All right. we'll hit this
again tomorrow. all right?
Okay. everybody. I wanna. uh.
go back to the Paris scene.
I wanna cut it.
- No.
- Lucian. Lucian.
if you're so invested
in Paris. you know what?
You can do it in
the wings during--
You're really gonna cut Paris
from the show?
- Yes. I'm going. I'm going--
- No. like--
- Nobody cares about it.
- I-- I care about Paris.
Just let it go.
Honey?
Come on in. Daisy.
Dan. why don't you join us. too?
Daisy asked if we could meet
together. the three of us.
I thought that was a great idea.
Is that okay with you. Dan?
So. last week. we spent most
of our session
talking about Brian.
It's a terrible thing
for a family to
have to experience.
- My dad won't talk about it.
- That's not true.
Uh. it's not good to dwell.
That's what Daisy
said at first.
But recently. she's
begun sharing about him.
not just his death but
who he was in his life.
It's painful. I know.
Ultimately--
- It helps. Dad.
We're all just pretending
like he never existed.
No. we talk about
him all the time.
It's-- It's costing me
a fortune
to talk about it so much.
- Oh. my God.
That's not the same.
Daisy. why don't you
tell your dad how you feel
using the language
we've been working on?
I just...
I feel like I'm not
allowed to be sad.
And I'm sad all the time.
But if me or mom talk
about him...
...I'm worried you'll
blow up or leave.
I miss him so much.
And I don't know if you
feel guilty or angry.
I-- I don't know how you feel.
All right. all right.
I-I gotta go to work.
I can't just...
Do your job.
Help her.
Fucking knew it.
- Hey.
- What up?
Uh. Patrick needs to see you.
The fuck
outta the road.
- Yeah.
- Stop. stop. stop.
That's you. right?
- Stop.
- Look. Dan.
I know you've been
going through a lot.
- No. There are no excuses.
- But we cannot afford a lawsuit.
Hey. I didn't narc.
Some-- Some teenager posted it
trying to go viral. you know.
This generation. man.
- No. It's my-- It's my fault.
I should have reported
it to you immediately.
It shouldn't have
happened. full stop.
I've also heard. not from Mikey.
that you've been
leaving early some days?
Well. the-- the
deposition's coming up.
What deposition?
It's-- It's for his kid.
They're. uh. suing the-- the
parents and the-- the girl.
- You should take some leave.
- I can't afford it.
We can't afford to have
you. you're a liability.
I-I'm-- I'm fine.
See?
Oh. my love. my wife.
death that had taken the--
death that had taken
thy honey of thy breath
hath had no power
yet upon thy beauty.
Here. here I will remain...
You all right. dear heart?
...with worms that are thy--
Don't tell me.
- Chambermaids.
Eyes. look your last.
Arms. take your last
embrace. and lips.
oh. you the doors of breath.
seal with a righteous kiss.
Here's to my love.
Aah!
Oh. that's-- that's great.
That's good.
Okay.
What's here?
A cup closed in my
true love's hand?
Poison. I see. hath
been his timeless end.
I will kiss thy lips.
Hap'ly some poison
doth hang in them.
Thy lips are warm.
- You're shaking.
- I will be brief.
Oh. happy dagger.
this is thy sheath.
There rust. and let me die.
And they're dead.
thank Christ.
Okay. good job.
everybody. that was great.
Really good.
So. Lucian. Rita. great.
you can take a break.
We're gonna set up for
the parental forgiveness scene.
So. oh. I need my
Capulets. right?
So. Greg. Dan. uh. Lady Monta--
No. wait. you're dead.
- Oh. good.
- Yes.
Uh. but we didn't assign anybody
the first watch line.
- No. no. that was Lucian.
Oh. really? Let's cut it.
Where do you want me?
Am I here? Am I--
Uh. up a little bit.
Up a little bit.
- Can we. uh. wait? Can we--
- Yeah. what is it. Dan?
Uh. we can't end it that way.
Oh. that's not
really the end. though.
because we have the--
- They should wake up.
Yeah.
Oh.
Well. they can't wake up.
Didn't you see me die?
I got poisoned.
She stabbed herself.
Well. it's ridiculous.
They've only known
each other a week.
- That's the story. It's classic.
- It's stupid.
- It's romantic.
- It's tragic.
- But they're young.
- Supposed to be.
- And in love.
- Let's change it. okay?
I mean. we can do that. right.
since it's all made up.
It's make believe.
We can do whatever we want.
We're not changing the ending
to "Romeo and Juliet."
- Why not?
- It's Shakespeare.
Who gives a fuck?!
My... s-son...
...Brian...
died last year.
He was 17.
He did it himself.
I should. uh...
I just...
liked that y'all didn't
look at me weird.
Is that Dad?
- All right. uh--
- Bad news.
Lucian.
And he-- he's making
presence felt in a way.
in a powerful way.
Right. yes. exactly.
- Oh. I can do that.
- Congratulations.
Thank you.
Okay. um.
all right. everybody.
can we. uh. take our seats?
Quick announcement.
So we are making
a casting change.
- Another one?
- Iago.
Lucian has suggested--
The hat thing does not work.
He's going to be
stepping down as Romeo
with Dan stepping in.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
If we were recasting.
I would like to have
been considered.
- Me. too.
- Lady MacB.
No. I'm
not right for this.
I'm too old.
- So am I.
Oh. I think
you'd be wonderful.
I'm sorry. Dan.
Rita said you wanted this.
Yeah.
There. Now this...
this makes sense.
- See you later.
- Wh-Where are you going?
Uh. I'm meeting
Mikey for a beer.
Again?
Well. uh. he's having
relationship problems.
Can I get a ride?
Wesley Crane said that he
would help me study for trig
if I met him in town.
But you're grounded.
I think if it's for
school. she can go.
Where are you meeting him?
Buzzed. Where are
you meeting Mikey?
Farragut's.
Call me when you're done.
Mm-hmm.
Where is everyone?
Could you. um. both
come have a seat here
on the white blanket. please?
Okay.
Dan. you can sit here.
Rita. over here.
Uh. shoes off. please.
I think that Tyler had a point
about an intimacy coordinator.
Obviously. we can't afford one.
but I have done some research.
I really do want this
to be a safe space.
Okay. um. first step is
to just get comfortable
looking at each other. okay?
So if you could both
sit facing each other.
Okay.
And make eye contact
with each other. please.
And keep-- keep-- keep looking
into each other's eyes.
Okay. that's step one.
Okay. now we're gonna get
comfortable with touch.
So. Rita. you're going
to ask Dan if it's okay
to put your hand
on his shoulder.
Can I put my hand
on your shoulder?
Dan. is that comfortable?
See if you can relax a little.
Okay. now. Dan. you
do the same to Rita.
Mm.
That okay?
That's good. okay. good.
Uh. so now. if you wanna scooch
a little closer to each other
and-- and lean in so just
your foreheads are touching.
Mm. c-can-- can I ask.
what's the point of this?
We're trying to build trust.
little by little. step by step.
the three of us first
and then the two of you
because you're the ones who
are actually gonna be doing it.
Doing what?
- Kissing.
- Falling in love.
I'm married.
Well. good for you.
It's not real.
Okay. lean in.
Okay. and just feel
each other breathing.
Okay. now. Dan. open your eyes.
And you're going to kiss her.
Um. where?
On the lips.
- Hey. asshole!
- Hey. Daisy.
- Yes.
- Say hi to mom. cheater.
- Nothing is happening!
- And who do we have...
- Hey.
- ...here?
- Hey. hey. hey.
- Get ready
to go viral. bitch.
- Hey.
Is this your daughter?
She's lovely.
You knew he had kids?
How could you do this?
Excuse me.
Oh. God. is this a threesome?
I-It's fake.
It's for a play.
What play?
- ♪ When the night
- Whoo.
- ♪ Has come
- ♪ Hey
♪ And the land is dark
♪ And the moon is
the only light we'll see ♪
Let's go.
How long did you
live in New York?
- ♪ No I won't be afraid
- 16 years.
That's as long as I've
been alive.
I'm gonna move there
when I turn 18.
- Uh. maybe.
- We visited New York
when I was a freshman.
I loved it.
We saw "Phantom of the Opera."
Ticket's cost 180 bucks each.
I had a roommate
who was in "Phantom."
- In the cast?
- Mm-hmm.
How much do you make
on a job like that?
Dad. it's not about the money.
Broadway minimum
is two grand a week.
- Fuck. yeah.
- Hey.
But two grand
is nothing there.
That city just takes and takes
until you're a husk
with 80 grand of debt
and two monologues.
♪ If the sky that we look upon
♪ Should crumble and fall
Hey. you know what
I like about you?
- What?
- You've got character.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And personality.
- Right?
And you know. that's good
because the ingenue phase
lasts about three seconds.
- I love playing the weirdos.
- Yeah.
I auditioned for
"Oklahoma" last year.
And. well. first. I was bummed
because the role of Laurey
went to Chelsea Nussbaum.
She was a senior.
Oh. you have to get
used to the politics.
It's all political.
Yeah. but then I
loved playing Ado Annie.
Because she's the more
interesting character.
- Yeah. she-- she was great.
- He has to say that.
Are you great?
♪ So. darling. darling
I believe you.
So what's the next musical?
Oh. um. I'm retired.
- You making her quit?
- No.
No. watching her on stage
is my favorite thing.
Okay. I'm gonna re-up.
um. beers all around?
- Yes. please.
- Sprite for her.
Water for me.
I bet she's a good actor.
She's real intense.
All right. everybody.
next up we have Daisy.
So. Daisy. come on up
to the stage.
- Did you put a song on?
No.
Do we have
a Daisy in the house?
Look. I swear it wasn't me.
Uh. I think there's a mistake.
The next person can just go.
Come on. Daisy.
Come on up here.
Come on. come on.
Come on. everybody.
Let's call Daisy up here.
Come on. no one wants
to hear me sing.
- That's true.
- Thanks. Greg.
Hit it.
♪ It ain't so much a question
of not knowing what to do ♪
♪ I know what's right
around since I've been 10 ♪
- We can go home.
- ♪ I heard a lot
- Wanna go home?
- ♪ Of stories
♪ And I reckon they are true
♪ About how girls are
put up on by men ♪
♪ I know I mustn't
fall inside the pit ♪
♪ But when I'm with a feller
- ♪ I forget
- Uh-huh.
Come. Daisy. Whoo!
♪ I'm just a girl
who can't say no ♪
♪ I'm in a terrible fix
♪ I always say.
come on. let's go ♪
♪ Just when I ought to say nix
♪ When a person tries
to kiss a girl ♪
♪ I know she ought to
give his face a smack ♪
♪ But as soon as
someone kisses me ♪
♪ I somehow sorta
wanna kiss him back ♪
♪ I'm just a fool
when lights are low ♪
♪ I can't be perky and quaint
♪ I ain't the type
that can faint ♪
♪ How can I be what I ain't
♪ I can't say no
- Whoo. whoo.
- Awesome.
- Whoo.
- Yeah.
What's an ingenue?
She doesn't have
to worry about that.
- Oh. yes. bye. yes.
- We got a star.
- Thank you.
- Bye. Moira.
Greg. we have to
duet or something.
Bye. Lucian.
- Come on. let's go.
- See you later. Jonah.
- Nice to meet you.
- Bye.
- Come on. let's go.
Does anybody want a ride?
- Daisy.
Daisy. you were
excellent tonight.
Oh. stop.
Just kidding. keep going.
I'm wondering. uh.
any chance you might
consider joining the play?
Like?
She's in school.
- Yeah. right.
- Well. I'm suspended.
Think about it.
any part you want.
Your friends are
surprisingly fun.
Well. they're not
really my friends.
They're more like coworkers.
I think you have to be
being paid for it to be a job.
I can't believe Lanora
wants me to be in the show.
Well. she needs talent.
With you. there'd be two
talented people in the cast.
You and me?
You and Rita.
You remember when
I played Rizzo.
and Marcus Waldrop
played Kenickie.
and we had to spend that whole
scene making out upstage?
Yeah. I still don't know
why that was necessary...
- It was weird because...
- ...for a high school play.
...I never saw Marcus
like that.
But then. in the show.
I started liking him.
and I would get all
cute for rehearsal.
and my hands would be sweaty.
And when we kissed. we would
pass candy back and forth.
We tried to date after closing.
Didn't work. classic showmance.
Rizzo loved Kenickie.
but turns out
Daisy thinks Marcus
is a real tool.
It's supposed to be fake.
but the feelings can
feel real sometimes.
And that's-- that's fine.
It's even fun sometimes.
As long as you don't act on it.
Dad.
I think it's really great
that you found
a place where you feel.
I just don't wanna
screw that up for you.
Well...
...let's not tell your mom just
yet about our play.
I'm gonna be so good.
It's gonna be legendary.
I already know what
part I want.
Uh-oh.
- Daisy. go to your room.
- What's wrong?
Go!
What happened?
- You motherfucker!
- Hey.
Do you know who came
to see me tonight?
Fucking Mikey.
- Shit.
- I was mortified.
Let me explain.
You're on mandatory leave?
Who is she?
- Who?
- Whoever it is
you've been sneaking
around with.
I'm-- There's nobody.
Oh. my-- Oh. my God.
Daisy and I saw you.
You know. people told me
that this would happen.
that-- that couples
who have been through
what we have...
- Listen. sweetheart.
...they don't make it.
It's too hard.
I'm in a play!
What?
I'm in a play.
I've been going to
play practice. uh...
...for this community
theater production
of...
"Romeo and Juliet."
No. ya haven't.
It's true. Mom.
I thought he was messing
around on us. too.
But then I followed him. and...
he's playing Romeo.
You're too old.
Why didn't you tell me?
'Cause it's embarrassing.
- You should have told me.
- I know.
Takes my mind off things.
Say some of your lines for me.
- No.
- Come on.
I won't judge.
Well. you can't look
at me when I say them.
I mean it.
Close your eyes.
Close them.
What lady is that
which doth enrich
the hand of yonder knight?
Oh. she doth teach
the torches to burn bright.
Did my heart love till now?
Forswear it. sight.
For I never saw true
beauty till this night.
I'm not gonna say it like that.
Best agrees with knight.
Come. civil knight.
All right. hey.
everybody. welcome Daisy.
Hi.
- Oh. Daisy.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- And Daisy will be playing...
- Mercutio.
- Oh. perfect.
- Oh. nice!
- Yes. it's the. yes.
Oh. he'll be fine.
- Moose.
- Hair.
Moose hair. ba-dah-dah.
- Lamb.
- Beef.
Lamb beef. ba-dah-dah.
- Hold it.
- All right. everybody.
- Who has what ball?
- I don't know what happened
to mine.
- I don't have a ball.
I passed it on.
- All right. everybody.
let's start over.
- Red ball.
Red ball. thank you.
Red ball.
- School.
- House.
School house. ba-dah-dah.
- Jimmy.
Let's stay in it.
Rita.
- Crap.
- Cow.
- Cow crap. ba-dah-dah.
Hello.
- They're so old.
- Look at these losers. yo.
- Excuse me.
- They're so old.
One more.
Aah! There.
Aah!
There you go. That was good.
Okay. everybody. that's time.
That's time.
Be off book tomorrow for real.
And if you forget
your line. improvise.
- In iambic pentameter.
- Ah.
Hey. hun.
I wasn't sure
if I should come in.
No. come on in
and meet the team.
- Hi.
- This is Jonah and Greg.
Lucian. and-- and that's Moira.
- I'm Sharon.
- My mom.
And that's Lanora. our director.
- Hello.
- And Rita.
she plays Juliet.
- Hi.
- It's so nice to meet you.
- Oh. you. too.
I can't wait to see the show.
It will be happening.
Uh. where's
the performance gonna be?
- Here.
- No. really?
- It's intimate.
- That blows.
- Hey.
- I mean. it's so small.
- Mm-hmm.
It's mad hot.
and the bathrooms suck.
- Oh. it's not that bad.
- Stop. stop. stop.
All right. all right.
We deserve a stage.
Well. we tried many
different spaces.
We tried the park.
- There was a tornado.
- Mm-hmm.
- We tried a church.
She got in
a fight with a priest.
- Ah.
- That's right.
I may know of a place.
This would
be perfect. wouldn't it?
Whoo.
No pressure to use
it. it's nothing fancy.
Oh. it's gorgeous.
This is just gorgeous.
How much?
- Free.
- Whoo.
- She said it's free.
- When will you need it?
Uh. um. dress rehearsal's
Thursday. curtain up Friday.
- Next Friday?
- One night only.
- Big day.
- This is unbelievable.
This'll work.
No. don't bite him.
I didn't bite him.
I was kissing him.
You get a prize.
What do you want?
Oh. oh. I want the panda.
How many for the panda?
- You need 20.
- You sure? Check your pockets.
- Yeah. I'm sure.
- Here you go.
I checked my pockets
like three times.
- Uh. there we go.
- Right there.
- Panda. please.
- Here we go.
- Yay.
- For my lady.
- Aw.
Mm.
Oh.
- Hun. what's wrong?
- What's the matter?
Daisy. wait.
Daisy. honey. honey.
Sweetheart.
- Where are my keys?
I-- I-I'll be right there.
I'm coming.
Mr. Mueller.
Sorry. the guy back there
was looking for you.
How are you? How's Daisy?
You know. not good.
Where are your parents?
I told them
I had to use the bathroom.
- I gotta go.
- Can I--
Um...
I don't
really know what to say.
We're not supposed
to be talking at all.
I know.
I'm so sorry.
And I know that's. like.
the stupidest
possible thing to say.
Uh. did you. uh. did
you all get my letters?
You can't contact us.
I know you hate me.
I hate me. too.
I'm gonna hate myself
for the rest of my life.
- Christine.
- I-I didn't mean to wake up.
Um. do you think-- Could I
apologize to Mrs. Mueller?
No. that
wouldn't be a good idea.
Um. uh. could you maybe just
give this to Daisy from me?
Thanks.
Okay.
- You got it?
- Yeah. I got it.
- Beauty.
- I got it.
- You gotta go all the way down.
- All the way down? All right.
Yeah. that's-- that moves
a little quicker from there.
Mm. maybe like that.
There's a section.
One. two. three.
- Ah.
- Flapping our arms.
When we flap our arms. we're
opening up our up lungs.
Gonna open up our lungs.
- One. two.
- Uh. red ball.
Red ball to you.
- Cool. yeah.
- Red ball.
- Oh.
- Thank you.
Red ball.
- Yeah.
- Oh. yeah.
- That's good.
Yeah. better.
Oh. she's cold.
Her-- Her blood is settled.
and her joints are stiff.
Life and these lips have
long been separated.
Death has lain upon her
like an untimely frost
upon the sweetest
flower of the field.
O. child. O. child.
My soul and not my child.
Dead thou art. alack.
My child is dead.
- You got this?
- Yeah.
And with my child.
my joys are buried.
Uh. oh. my-- my love. my wife.
Louder.
Uh. sorry. sorry.
There's no calling for lines.
Just make something up.
- Uh...
- Are you okay?
Sorry. sorry.
Are you
having a panic attack?
Someone get him
some ice to hold.
Uh. I. uh. I don't--
I don't understand.
- What the-- the language or--
- Remember your folio clues.
- Locking up.
- Just five minutes. please.
You gonna pay for it?
We'll talk about it after
the run. Finish the scene.
You're almost dead.
You are so close.
Lanora. we need to hold.
Look. I'm not kidding ya.
I'll lock you all in here.
- What the hell?
- Okay. okay.
We have five minutes.
I gave him $10. so. Dad--
Hey. look. Daisy. this
doesn't concern you.
- Fuck it doesn't.
- Hey. I don't wanna talk.
No shit. When things get hard.
you either blow up or bail.
It's a bad habit.
Daisy.
It makes sense how painful
this is for you. Dan.
and. Daisy. I'm guessing it's
not easy for you either.
You told them?
I would never do
something like this.
That's the problem-- you're
still thinking as yourself.
Well. who am I
supposed to think as?
Him.
I-It won't work
if you're judging him.
You can't worry
about the ending yet.
Don't anticipate.
Just focus on the love.
It's dangerous
to romanticize--
I'm not.
I can't condone what they did.
You're not saying that
what they're doing is right.
Can't you just think about
how he felt for five minutes?
He-- He felt trapped
a-and alone.
How do you know that?
I think about
him all the time.
Dad. you get to be him
for a couple of hours.
Okay. start by thinking...
"I would never kill
myself unless"...
And then you imagine.
But by doing this.
he doesn't get her back.
I.
I don't get her back.
Time's up.
- Come on. let's go.
- Okay. okay.
We're gonna be late.
We're always late.
- Okay.
- Come on. guys.
- Okay. okay.
Are you gonna shave?
- Shit. all right.
Might as well shave now.
No. we-- Look. we
don't have time.
We just don't have time.
- What'd you bring it up for?
What?
You got something
on your face.
Showtime.
Wait. oh. here they are.
Uh. Mr. Mueller. um. my
name is Joan Spencer.
and I'm representing
the Hawthornes
in the wrongful
death suit that you
and Mrs. Mueller have
filed against them.
I'm just gonna ask you
a series of questions today
regarding your son.
Brian Mueller.
and his death on May
25th of last year.
So could you start
by describing Brian
to us before he
met Miss Hawthorne?
What-- Wh-What do you mean?
You know.
like. what was he like?
Was he. uh. outgoing. introverted.
um. popular. cerebral?
He was smart. shy.
sweet.
Could he have been
described as sensitive?
Sensitive like?
Like. would things
get to him easily?
- Well. he had big feelings.
- How so?
Uh. I'm-- I-I-I'm old school.
I-- I'm-- I'm not--
I don't get the therapy.
and the-- the talking
and the...
Oh. uh.
verbally please.
I don't-- I don't
know what normal is.
I. uh-- You know. both
my kids are dramatic.
They don't get it from me.
Would you
say he was depressed?
Not as--
Not always.
- Oh. not that you noticed?
Only at the end of his life.
Um. could you
tell us about Brian
once he met Miss Hawthorne?
- He was pretty obsessed.
- Like. in an unhealthy way?
Again. I-- I don't know what...
I proposed to Sharon
after our first date.
and. uh. that's crazy to me now.
He seemed happy.
Okay. and when
did that change?
Uh. Christine's family
was moving to Arizona.
and. uh. Christine didn't
wanna go because of Brian.
but she didn't have a choice.
Brian told us he
wanted to go with her
and. uh. finish high
school out there with her.
We wouldn't--
I-I wouldn't allow it.
He-- He wasn't 18.
He was still a kid.
And there were blowups.
got pretty bad.
We told him he couldn't
see her anymore.
He tried to run away.
and we took away his phone.
Uh. we hid the car
keys. credit cards.
Did he ever get violent?
He-- He shoved me once
trying to get out the door.
but he-- he's skinny.
It wasn't-- wasn't real.
Mr. Mueller.
can you take us
through the night of May 25th?
Uh...
It was Daisy's opening
night of "Oklahoma."
Uh. she was so good in it.
And Brian played oboe
in the orchestra.
And we all went
to Friday's after.
Uh. Brian was quiet.
We came home.
Sharon and Daisy went to bed.
I went to turn out
the back porch light.
I saw Brian sitting in
the backyard on the trampoline.
like how we would do when he...
...when he was a kid.
Um...
When I asked if
he was coming in.
he said. "In a minute."
Next morning. I-I-I
was up early for work.
and I saw two...
I-I-I-I thought there
were animals maybe sleeping.
lying on the trampoline.
It-- It was Brian and. uh...
- Verbally. please.
- Christine.
They had empty...
...prescription
bottles around them.
uh. Klonopin. Xanax.
Uh. they were her mother's.
I guess. uh. Mrs. Hawthorne.
I called an ambulance.
I performed CPR
until they got there.
Christine woke up.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
And you blame Miss Hawthorne
for providing the drugs
and Mr. and Mrs. Hawthorne for
not keeping them more secure?
I think Christine
having access
to those substances
made it easier.
I'm not sure they woulda gone
through with it otherwise.
But they may have.
I mean. you can't be sure.
I-I find it difficult to
understand any of what they did.
I'm trying to understand...
...how bad you two
must have felt...
...t-to do-- to do something
like that.
I know it isn't easy.
and if it had gone differently.
we could be sitting on
that side of the table.
I'm angry with you.
and you. and him.
and myself!
I'm heartbroken.
I'm not sorry you woke up.
I just wish he had. too.
It's not your fault.
Sharon. wait.
Why did you make us
do this. all this time.
this emotional-- so much
money that we don't have?
No! You don't think that
I wanna disappear
every time shit gets
hard. to scream?
I am exhausted.
I've been holding this
family together by a thread.
I want to mourn him.
I haven't gotten to start.
It's not fair that
you get to be the hero
when you haven't
done any of the work.
Dad. just get in the car.
♪ Ba. ba. ba. ba.
ba. ba. ba. ba ♪
♪ Ba. ba. ba. ba. ba.
ba. ba. ba ♪
♪ Jee. jee. jee. jee
♪ Jee. jee. jee. jee.
jee. jee. jee. jee ♪
♪ Ooh
- Two?
- Tommy Grant.
Tommy. Tommy.
Oh. there you are. gotcha.
Here you are. good.
Gotta stay for the whole thing.
- Okay.
- The-- The whole thing. okay?
Who are all these people?
Mrs. Nolan's literature class.
I had her assign extra
credit for coming.
How are you doing?
Those are beautiful flowers.
- They're for Daisy.
- Oh. that's nice.
Where'd you guys go to dinner?
Oh. God.
- Okay.
- Ah!
So this is it. and. um.
you all know what to do.
so I won't repeat myself.
Project. back of the house. and
if. uh. anything goes wrong...
- And it will.
- ...help each other.
Okay.
Come on.
What do we say?
Don't fuck up.
- Don't fuck up!
- Good luck. honey.
- You don't say "good luck."
It's break a leg.
Break a leg.
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
Two households.
both alike in dignity
in fair Verona where
we lay our scene.
From ancient grudge
break new mutiny
where civil blood makes
civil hands unclean.
From forth the fatal
loins of these two foes.
a pair of star-crossed
lovers take their life
whose misadventured
piteous overthrows doth.
with their death. bury
their parents' strife.
You bite your
thumb at us. sir?
I do bite my thumb. sir.
You bite
your thumb at us. sir?
Do you quarrel. sir?
Draw if you be men.
Back up. Daisy.
Halt. fools.
Put up your swords.
You know not what you do.
Oh. where is Romeo?
Saw you him today?
Hardest part is
the first line. right?
All downhill from there.
- Good morrow. cousin.
- Is the day so young?
- But new struck nine.
- Aye. me.
sad hours seem long.
Whoo. Danny!
If I profane with
my unworthiest hand
this holy shrine.
the gentle sin is this.
my lips two blushing pilgrims.
ready stand to smooth that
rough touch with a gentle kiss.
Romeo.
O. Romeo.
wherefore art thou. Romeo?
Soft. what light through
yonder window breaks?
It is the east.
and Juliet is the sun.
I am too bold.
Dan. uh. you okay. bro?
I'm good.
Did you hear that applause?
I love that sound.
Oh. Dan. you were on fire.
Oh. so were you
with that sword fight.
- All right. just don't breathe.
- I'm not.
I'm gonna be late
for my entrance. Come on.
I know. I know. I know.
It's almost good.
And. Jonah. your Capulet.
I ad-libbed a little.
Could you tell?
- Yes.
- Okay. that's good.
That's good. Let's go. let's go.
- Okay. go. go. go.
Come on.
♪ When the night has come
♪ And the land is dark
♪ And the moon is
the only light we'll see ♪
♪ No. I won't be afraid
♪ No. I won't
be afraid ♪
♪ Just as long as you
stand. stand by me ♪
♪ So. darling.
darling. stand by me ♪
♪ Oh. stand by me
♪ Oh. stand. stand by me
- Love your performance.
- Thanks.
Better than Broadway.
Gentlemen. good day.
a word with one of you?
Oh. make it a word and a blow.
Here's my fiddlestick.
Romeo. thou art the villain.
I do protest.
I never injured thee
but love the better
than thou canst divine.
O. calm. dishonorable.
vile submission.
Ah. gentle Mercutio.
put thy rapier up.
Ah! Ohh!
I am hurt.
Courage. man.
The hurt can't be much.
A plague on both your houses.
I am fortune's fool.
Are you okay?
- Yeah. are you?
Let's bring this baby home.
Hold. daughter. I do
spy a kind of hope.
Come on. Dan.
Oh. my love.
Death that hath sucked
the honey of thy breath...
...hath had no power
yet upon thy beauty.
Why art thou yet so fair?
Here. here will I remain.
here I will set up
my everlasting rest.
Eyes. look your last.
Arms. take your last embrace.
And lips. oh. you
the doors of breath...
...seal with a righteous kiss.
Here's to my love.
Romeo.
What's here?
Poison I see hath
been his timeless end.
drunk all and left no friendly
drop to help me after.
Oh. happy dagger.
this is thy sheath.
There rust. and let me die.
A glooming peace this
morning with it brings.
The sun for sorrow
shall not show its head.
Some will be pardoned
and some punished.
For never was there
a story of more woe...
...than this of Juliet
and her Romeo.
- Hi.
- That was really. really great.
Thanks.
Dan. that was amazing.
Holy cow. dude.
you made me cry.
Congrats.
Mom.
- You were fantastic.
- Yeah?
No more plays where you die.
I'm not even tired.
Bye. guys. bye.
Dan.
Next time. we'll do a comedy.
Come on. guys.
hey. hey. we're home.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Dad.
♪ Out of my dreams
and into your arms ♪
♪ I long to fly
♪ I will come as evening comes
♪ To woo a waiting sky
♪ Out of my dreams
and into the hush ♪
♪ Of falling shadows
♪ When the mist is low
♪ And stars are
breaking through ♪
♪ Then out of my
dreams I'll go ♪
♪ Into a dream with you
♪ Won't have to make
up anymore stories ♪
♪ You'll be there
♪ Think of the bright
midsummer night glories ♪
♪ We can share
♪ Won't have to go on
kissing a daydream ♪
♪ I'll have you
♪ You'll be real
♪ Real as the white
moon lighting the blue ♪
♪ Out of my dreams
and into your arms ♪
♪ I long to fly
♪ I will come as evening comes
♪ To woo a waiting sky
♪ Out of my dreams
♪ And into the hush
of falling shadows ♪
♪ When the mist is low
♪ And stars are
breaking through ♪
♪ Then out of my
dreams I'll go ♪
♪ Into a dream with you